DOC: ACSIncome Documentation (#1005)
fairlearn/fairlearn: docs/user_guide/datasets/index.rst

> .. _datasets:

Reviewer: If you create a PR with just this new file and not even the adult page it'll probably unblock @britneyting since she can base her changes on it. Definitely in the spirit of #LutzsLaw 😉

Author: Fair point. I think this PR is almost ready to merge though? But I can do that if needed.

Datasets
==========

> This section contains pages describing datasets that have been
> incorporated into the Fairlearn package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section we dive deeper into various datasets that have fairness-related concerns.
```
